Changes to lambda context capturing based on more tests and user feedback (#579)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-instrumentation-aws-lambda.md

Field | Value | Description | Source
---   | ---   | ---         | ---
`type` | `request`| Transaction type: constant value for API gateway. | -

> `name` | e.g. `GET MyFunction` | Transaction name: Http method followed by a whitespace and the (resource) path. See section below. | -

Reviewer: > e.g. `GET MyFunction`

The example is no longer valid now then, right?

> `name` | e.g. `GET MyFunction` | Transaction name: Http method followed by a whitespace and the (resource) path. See section below. | -

Author: ```suggestion
`name` | e.g. `GET /prod/proxy/{proxy+}` | Transaction name: Http method followed by a whitespace and the (resource) path. See section below. | -
```

`context.cloud.origin.account.id` | e.g. `12345678912` | Account ID of the API gateway. | `event.requestContext.accountId`
`context.cloud.origin.provider` | `aws` | Use `aws` as fix value. | -

**Set `transaction.name` for the API Gateway trigger**

There are different ways to setup an API Gateway in AWS resulting in different payload format verions:
* ["HTTP" proxy integrations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-develop-integrations-lambda.html) can be configured to use payload format 1.0 or 2.0.
* The older ["REST" proxy integrations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-lambda-proxy-integrations.html#api-gateway-simple-proxy-for-lambda-input-format) use payload format version 1.0.

For both payload format verions (1.0 and 2.0), the general pattern is `$method $resourcePath` (unless the `use_path_as_transaction_name` agent config option is used). Some examples are:
* `GET /prod/some/resource/path` (specific resource path)
* `GET /prod/proxy/{proxy+}` (proxy in v1.0 with dynamic path)
* `POST /prod/$default` (proxy in v2.0 with dynamic path)

*Payload format version 1.0:*

> For payload format version 1.0, use `${event.resourceContext.httpMethod}  /${event.requestContext.stage}${event.requestContext.resourcePath}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For payload format version 1.0, use `${event.resourceContext.httpMethod} /${event.requestContext.stage}${event.requestContext.resourcePath}`.
```

Don't want two spaces there, I assume.
